com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/interactive/action/PDWindowsLaunchParams.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.interactive.action.PDWindowsLaunchParams
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/interactive/annotation/PDAnnotationTextMarkup.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.interactive.annotation.PDAnnotationTextMarkup
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/documentinterchange/markedcontent/PDPropertyList.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.documentinterchange.markedcontent.PDPropertyList
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/filter/FlateFilter.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.filter.FlateFilter
com/tom_roush/fontbox/ttf/MaximumProfileTable.java
 com.tom_roush.fontbox.ttf.MaximumProfileTable
com/tom_roush/fontbox/ttf/GlyphDescription.java
 com.tom_roush.fontbox.ttf.GlyphDescription
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/contentstream/operator/text/EndText.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.contentstream.operator.text.EndText
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/interactive/form/FieldUtils.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.interactive.form.FieldUtils
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.interactive.form.FieldUtils$KeyValue
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.interactive.form.FieldUtils$KeyValueKeyComparator
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.interactive.form.FieldUtils$KeyValueValueComparator
com/tom_roush/fontbox/ttf/NamingTable.java
 com.tom_roush.fontbox.ttf.NamingTable
com/tom_roush/fontbox/cff/FDSelect.java
 com.tom_roush.fontbox.cff.FDSelect
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/contentstream/operator/state/SetLineWidth.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.contentstream.operator.state.SetLineWidth
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/font/PDType3Font.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.font.PDType3Font
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/common/function/PDFunctionType4.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.common.function.PDFunctionType4
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/multipdf/PDFCloneUtility.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.multipdf.PDFCloneUtility
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/fdf/FDFAnnotationStrikeOut.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.fdf.FDFAnnotationStrikeOut
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/fdf/FDFCatalog.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.fdf.FDFCatalog
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/font/PDFontFactory.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.font.PDFontFactory
com/tom_roush/fontbox/cff/CFFStandardString.java
 com.tom_roush.fontbox.cff.CFFStandardString
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/documentinterchange/logicalstructure/PDMarkInfo.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.documentinterchange.logicalstructure.PDMarkInfo
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/util/XMLUtil.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.util.XMLUtil
com/tom_roush/fontbox/type1/Type1Parser.java
 com.tom_roush.fontbox.type1.Type1Parser
com/tom_roush/fontbox/cff/CFFFont.java
 com.tom_roush.fontbox.cff.CFFFont
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/filter/ASCII85Filter.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.filter.ASCII85Filter
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/graphics/shading/PDShadingType2.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.graphics.shading.PDShadingType2
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/font/FontInfo.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.font.FontInfo
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/cos/COSObject.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.cos.COSObject
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/documentinterchange/logicalstructure/PDUserAttributeObject.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.documentinterchange.logicalstructure.PDUserAttributeObject
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/font/encoding/MacOSRomanEncoding.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.font.encoding.MacOSRomanEncoding
com/tom_roush/fontbox/ttf/HeaderTable.java
 com.tom_roush.fontbox.ttf.HeaderTable
com/tom_roush/harmony/javax/imageio/stream/IIOByteBuffer.java
 com.tom_roush.harmony.javax.imageio.stream.IIOByteBuffer
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/interactive/action/PDPageAdditionalActions.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.interactive.action.PDPageAdditionalActions
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/interactive/annotation/PDAnnotationPopup.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.interactive.annotation.PDAnnotationPopup
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/interactive/action/PDAnnotationAdditionalActions.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.interactive.action.PDAnnotationAdditionalActions
com/tom_roush/fontbox/cff/DataOutput.java
 com.tom_roush.fontbox.cff.DataOutput
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/text/PDFMarkedContentExtractor.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.text.PDFMarkedContentExtractor
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/io/ScratchFile.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.io.ScratchFile
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/interactive/form/PDXFA.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.interactive.form.PDXFA
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/font/encoding/WinAnsiEncoding.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.font.encoding.WinAnsiEncoding
com/tom_roush/fontbox/ttf/HorizontalHeaderTable.java
 com.tom_roush.fontbox.ttf.HorizontalHeaderTable
com/tom_roush/fontbox/cff/CharStringConverter.java
 com.tom_roush.fontbox.cff.CharStringConverter
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/contentstream/operator/state/SetLineMiterLimit.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.contentstream.operator.state.SetLineMiterLimit
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/util/Matrix.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.util.Matrix
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/interactive/annotation/PDAnnotationRubberStamp.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.interactive.annotation.PDAnnotationRubberStamp
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/font/PDPanose.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.font.PDPanose
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/graphics/shading/PDShadingType6.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.graphics.shading.PDShadingType6
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/encryption/PDEncryption.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.encryption.PDEncryption
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdfwriter/COSStandardOutputStream.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdfwriter.COSStandardOutputStream
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/cos/COSString.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.cos.COSString
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/io/RandomAccessInputStream.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.io.RandomAccessInputStream
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/interactive/form/PlainText.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.interactive.form.PlainText
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.interactive.form.PlainText$Line
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.interactive.form.PlainText$Paragraph
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.interactive.form.PlainText$TextAttribute
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.interactive.form.PlainText$Word
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/common/PDMetadata.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.common.PDMetadata
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/common/PDPageLabelRange.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.common.PDPageLabelRange
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/interactive/annotation/PDBorderEffectDictionary.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.interactive.annotation.PDBorderEffectDictionary
com/tom_roush/fontbox/ttf/CmapSubtable.java
 com.tom_roush.fontbox.ttf.CmapSubtable
 com.tom_roush.fontbox.ttf.CmapSubtable$1
 com.tom_roush.fontbox.ttf.CmapSubtable$SubHeader
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/contentstream/operator/text/SetFontAndSize.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.contentstream.operator.text.SetFontAndSize
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/fdf/FDFAnnotationSound.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.fdf.FDFAnnotationSound
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/contentstream/operator/graphics/EndPath.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.contentstream.operator.graphics.EndPath
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/filter/LZWFilter.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.filter.LZWFilter
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/interactive/form/PDTextField.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.interactive.form.PDTextField
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/contentstream/operator/state/EmptyGraphicsStackException.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.contentstream.operator.state.EmptyGraphicsStackException
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/cos/COSOutputStream.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.cos.COSOutputStream
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/contentstream/operator/graphics/LineTo.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.contentstream.operator.graphics.LineTo
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/encryption/AccessPermission.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.encryption.AccessPermission
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/interactive/annotation/PDAnnotationUnknown.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.interactive.annotation.PDAnnotationUnknown
com/tom_roush/fontbox/ttf/TTFTable.java
 com.tom_roush.fontbox.ttf.TTFTable
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/documentinterchange/taggedpdf/PDPrintFieldAttributeObject.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.documentinterchange.taggedpdf.PDPrintFieldAttributeObject
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/font/ToUnicodeWriter.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.font.ToUnicodeWriter
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/interactive/annotation/PDAnnotationSquareCircle.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.interactive.annotation.PDAnnotationSquareCircle
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/contentstream/operator/graphics/CurveToReplicateInitialPoint.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.contentstream.operator.graphics.CurveToReplicateInitialPoint
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/interactive/form/PDDefaultAppearanceString.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.interactive.form.PDDefaultAppearanceString
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/graphics/PDFontSetting.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.graphics.PDFontSetting
com/tom_roush/fontbox/ttf/CFFTable.java
 com.tom_roush.fontbox.ttf.CFFTable
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/interactive/pagenavigation/PDTransitionDimension.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.interactive.pagenavigation.PDTransitionDimension
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/util/Vector.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.util.Vector
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdfwriter/COSWriterXRefEntry.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdfwriter.COSWriterXRefEntry
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/interactive/digitalsignature/PDPropBuild.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.interactive.digitalsignature.PDPropBuild
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/documentinterchange/logicalstructure/PDStructureElement.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.documentinterchange.logicalstructure.PDStructureElement
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/rendering/PageDrawer.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.rendering.PageDrawer
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.rendering.PageDrawer$1
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.rendering.PageDrawer$TransparencyGroup
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/documentinterchange/logicalstructure/PDMarkedContentReference.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.documentinterchange.logicalstructure.PDMarkedContentReference
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/fdf/FDFJavaScript.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.fdf.FDFJavaScript
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/interactive/digitalsignature/COSFilterInputStream.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.interactive.digitalsignature.COSFilterInputStream
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/contentstream/operator/color/SetStrokingDeviceRGBColor.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.contentstream.operator.color.SetStrokingDeviceRGBColor
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/interactive/digitalsignature/visible/PDFTemplateBuilder.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.interactive.digitalsignature.visible.PDFTemplateBuilder
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/font/PDCIDFontType2Embedder.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.font.PDCIDFontType2Embedder
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.font.PDCIDFontType2Embedder$1
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.font.PDCIDFontType2Embedder$State
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/graphics/image/CCITTFactory.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.graphics.image.CCITTFactory
com/tom_roush/harmony/javax/imageio/stream/ImageOutputStream.java
 com.tom_roush.harmony.javax.imageio.stream.ImageOutputStream
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/graphics/color/PDColorSpace.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.graphics.color.PDColorSpace
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/interactive/action/PDAction.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.interactive.action.PDAction
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/documentinterchange/logicalstructure/PDStructureNode.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.documentinterchange.logicalstructure.PDStructureNode
com/tom_roush/harmony/javax/imageio/stream/ImageInputStream.java
 com.tom_roush.harmony.javax.imageio.stream.ImageInputStream
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/graphics/state/PDTextState.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.graphics.state.PDTextState
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/font/encoding/DictionaryEncoding.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.font.encoding.DictionaryEncoding
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/PageLayout.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.PageLayout
com/tom_roush/fontbox/pfb/PfbParser.java
 com.tom_roush.fontbox.pfb.PfbParser
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/io/RandomAccessRead.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.io.RandomAccessRead
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/documentinterchange/taggedpdf/StandardStructureTypes.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.documentinterchange.taggedpdf.StandardStructureTypes
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/graphics/PDPostScriptXObject.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.graphics.PDPostScriptXObject
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/contentstream/operator/state/SetLineCapStyle.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.contentstream.operator.state.SetLineCapStyle
com/tom_roush/fontbox/afm/CompositePart.java
 com.tom_roush.fontbox.afm.CompositePart
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/util/Charsets.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.util.Charsets
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/font/FontMapping.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.font.FontMapping
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/graphics/image/JPEGFactory.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.graphics.image.JPEGFactory
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/io/RandomAccessWrite.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.io.RandomAccessWrite
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/contentstream/operator/text/NextLine.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.contentstream.operator.text.NextLine
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/font/PDCIDFont.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.font.PDCIDFont
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/graphics/blend/NonSeparableBlendMode.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.graphics.blend.NonSeparableBlendMode
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdfparser/InputStreamSource.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdfparser.InputStreamSource
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/fdf/FDFAnnotationCircle.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.fdf.FDFAnnotationCircle
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/multipdf/LayerUtility.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.multipdf.LayerUtility
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/PDPageContentStream.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.PDPageContentStream
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/fdf/FDFAnnotationHighlight.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.fdf.FDFAnnotationHighlight
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/interactive/digitalsignature/PDPropBuildDataDict.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.interactive.digitalsignature.PDPropBuildDataDict
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/graphics/blend/BlendMode.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.graphics.blend.BlendMode
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.graphics.blend.BlendMode$1
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.graphics.blend.BlendMode$10
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.graphics.blend.BlendMode$11
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.graphics.blend.BlendMode$12
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.graphics.blend.BlendMode$2
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.graphics.blend.BlendMode$3
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.graphics.blend.BlendMode$4
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.graphics.blend.BlendMode$5
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.graphics.blend.BlendMode$6
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.graphics.blend.BlendMode$7
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.graphics.blend.BlendMode$8
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.graphics.blend.BlendMode$9
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/interactive/form/PDPushButton.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.interactive.form.PDPushButton
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/common/filespecification/PDFileSpecification.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.common.filespecification.PDFileSpecification
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/common/PDMatrix.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.common.PDMatrix
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/filter/DecodeResult.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.filter.DecodeResult
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/interactive/form/AppearanceStyle.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.interactive.form.AppearanceStyle
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/fdf/FDFAnnotationLink.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.fdf.FDFAnnotationLink
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/filter/ccitt/TIFFFaxDecoder.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.filter.ccitt.TIFFFaxDecoder
com/tom_roush/fontbox/FontBoxFont.java
 com.tom_roush.fontbox.FontBoxFont
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/contentstream/operator/text/SetCharSpacing.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.contentstream.operator.text.SetCharSpacing
com/tom_roush/fontbox/afm/AFMParser.java
 com.tom_roush.fontbox.afm.AFMParser
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/interactive/form/PDSignatureField.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.interactive.form.PDSignatureField
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/exceptions/OutlineNotLocalException.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.exceptions.OutlineNotLocalException
com/tom_roush/fontbox/cff/CFFType1Font.java
 com.tom_roush.fontbox.cff.CFFType1Font
 com.tom_roush.fontbox.cff.CFFType1Font$1
 com.tom_roush.fontbox.cff.CFFType1Font$PrivateType1CharStringReader
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/graphics/optionalcontent/PDOptionalContentGroup.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.graphics.optionalcontent.PDOptionalContentGroup
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/filter/Predictor.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.filter.Predictor
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/contentstream/operator/graphics/ClipNonZeroRule.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.contentstream.operator.graphics.ClipNonZeroRule
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/font/PDTrueTypeFontEmbedder.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.font.PDTrueTypeFontEmbedder
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/common/PDRange.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.common.PDRange
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/util/PDFBoxResourceLoader.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.util.PDFBoxResourceLoader
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.util.PDFBoxResourceLoader$FontLoadLevel
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/interactive/annotation/PDAnnotationWidget.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.interactive.annotation.PDAnnotationWidget
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/graphics/predictor/None.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.graphics.predictor.None
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/contentstream/operator/state/SetGraphicsStateParameters.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.contentstream.operator.state.SetGraphicsStateParameters
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/contentstream/operator/state/Restore.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.contentstream.operator.state.Restore
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/interactive/action/PDActionFactory.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.interactive.action.PDActionFactory
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/contentstream/operator/color/SetNonStrokingColorSpace.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.contentstream.operator.color.SetNonStrokingColorSpace
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/common/PDTextStream.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.common.PDTextStream
com/tom_roush/fontbox/util/autodetect/FontDirFinder.java
 com.tom_roush.fontbox.util.autodetect.FontDirFinder
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/interactive/digitalsignature/PDSeedValueMDP.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.interactive.digitalsignature.PDSeedValueMDP
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/filter/ASCII85InputStream.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.filter.ASCII85InputStream
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/PDDocument.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.PDDocument
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/fdf/FDFAnnotationTextMarkup.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.fdf.FDFAnnotationTextMarkup
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/contentstream/operator/graphics/AppendRectangleToPath.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.contentstream.operator.graphics.AppendRectangleToPath
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/encryption/PublicKeySecurityHandler.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.encryption.PublicKeySecurityHandler
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/documentinterchange/logicalstructure/PDUserProperty.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.documentinterchange.logicalstructure.PDUserProperty
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/cos/ICOSVisitor.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.cos.ICOSVisitor
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/exceptions/SignatureException.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.exceptions.SignatureException
com/tom_roush/fontbox/cff/CharStringHandler.java
 com.tom_roush.fontbox.cff.CharStringHandler
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/interactive/measurement/PDRectlinearMeasureDictionary.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.interactive.measurement.PDRectlinearMeasureDictionary
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/rendering/PageDrawerParameters.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.rendering.PageDrawerParameters
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/font/PDFontLike.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.font.PDFontLike
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/contentstream/operator/state/SetFlatness.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.contentstream.operator.state.SetFlatness
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/font/PDTrueTypeFont.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.font.PDTrueTypeFont
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/contentstream/operator/color/SetStrokingColor.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.contentstream.operator.color.SetStrokingColor
com/tom_roush/fontbox/cff/Type1FontUtil.java
 com.tom_roush.fontbox.cff.Type1FontUtil
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/io/IOUtils.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.io.IOUtils
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/common/PDIntegerNameTreeNode.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.common.PDIntegerNameTreeNode
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/encryption/DecryptionMaterial.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.encryption.DecryptionMaterial
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/encryption/PublicKeyProtectionPolicy.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.encryption.PublicKeyProtectionPolicy
com/tom_roush/fontbox/ttf/OpenTypeFont.java
 com.tom_roush.fontbox.ttf.OpenTypeFont
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/graphics/shading/PDShading.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.graphics.shading.PDShading
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/common/function/type4/Operators.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.common.function.type4.Operators
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/graphics/shading/PDShadingType3.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.graphics.shading.PDShadingType3
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/contentstream/operator/Operator.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.contentstream.operator.Operator
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/contentstream/operator/graphics/FillEvenOddRule.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.contentstream.operator.graphics.FillEvenOddRule
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/exceptions/WrappedException.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.exceptions.WrappedException
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/filter/IdentityFilter.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.filter.IdentityFilter
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdfparser/FDFParser.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdfparser.FDFParser
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/font/CIDSystemInfo.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.font.CIDSystemInfo
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/contentstream/operator/text/ShowTextLine.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.contentstream.operator.text.ShowTextLine
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/contentstream/operator/graphics/FillNonZeroRule.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.contentstream.operator.graphics.FillNonZeroRule
com/tom_roush/fontbox/cff/CFFParser.java
 com.tom_roush.fontbox.cff.CFFParser
 com.tom_roush.fontbox.cff.CFFParser$1
 com.tom_roush.fontbox.cff.CFFParser$CFFBuiltInEncoding
 com.tom_roush.fontbox.cff.CFFParser$CFFBuiltInEncoding$Supplement
 com.tom_roush.fontbox.cff.CFFParser$DictData
 com.tom_roush.fontbox.cff.CFFParser$DictData$Entry
 com.tom_roush.fontbox.cff.CFFParser$EmbeddedCharset
 com.tom_roush.fontbox.cff.CFFParser$EmptyCharset
 com.tom_roush.fontbox.cff.CFFParser$Format0Charset
 com.tom_roush.fontbox.cff.CFFParser$Format0Encoding
 com.tom_roush.fontbox.cff.CFFParser$Format0FDSelect
 com.tom_roush.fontbox.cff.CFFParser$Format1Charset
 com.tom_roush.fontbox.cff.CFFParser$Format1Charset$Range1
 com.tom_roush.fontbox.cff.CFFParser$Format1Encoding
 com.tom_roush.fontbox.cff.CFFParser$Format1Encoding$Range1
 com.tom_roush.fontbox.cff.CFFParser$Format2Charset
 com.tom_roush.fontbox.cff.CFFParser$Format2Charset$Range2
 com.tom_roush.fontbox.cff.CFFParser$Format3FDSelect
 com.tom_roush.fontbox.cff.CFFParser$Header
 com.tom_roush.fontbox.cff.CFFParser$Range3
com/tom_roush/fontbox/ttf/OTLTable.java
 com.tom_roush.fontbox.ttf.OTLTable
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/filter/ASCII85OutputStream.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.filter.ASCII85OutputStream
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/interactive/form/PlainTextFormatter.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.interactive.form.PlainTextFormatter
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.interactive.form.PlainTextFormatter$1
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.interactive.form.PlainTextFormatter$Builder
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.interactive.form.PlainTextFormatter$TextAlign
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/common/COSObjectable.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.common.COSObjectable
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdfparser/PDFXrefStreamParser.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdfparser.PDFXrefStreamParser
com/tom_roush/fontbox/cmap/CMapParser.java
 com.tom_roush.fontbox.cmap.CMapParser
 com.tom_roush.fontbox.cmap.CMapParser$1
 com.tom_roush.fontbox.cmap.CMapParser$LiteralName
 com.tom_roush.fontbox.cmap.CMapParser$Operator
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/contentstream/operator/state/SetRenderingIntent.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.contentstream.operator.state.SetRenderingIntent
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/graphics/state/PDExtendedGraphicsState.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.graphics.state.PDExtendedGraphicsState
com/tom_roush/fontbox/ttf/CmapTable.java
 com.tom_roush.fontbox.ttf.CmapTable
com/tom_roush/fontbox/ttf/TrueTypeCollection.java
 com.tom_roush.fontbox.ttf.TrueTypeCollection
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/graphics/image/PDInlineImage.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.graphics.image.PDInlineImage
com/tom_roush/fontbox/ttf/RAFDataStream.java
 com.tom_roush.fontbox.ttf.RAFDataStream
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/contentstream/operator/color/SetNonStrokingColor.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.contentstream.operator.color.SetNonStrokingColor
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/documentinterchange/taggedpdf/PDListAttributeObject.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.documentinterchange.taggedpdf.PDListAttributeObject
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/cos/COSDocument.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.cos.COSDocument
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/PDDocumentNameDictionary.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.PDDocumentNameDictionary
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/font/PDFontDescriptor.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.font.PDFontDescriptor
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/common/PDDestinationOrAction.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.common.PDDestinationOrAction
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/common/function/PDFunctionType3.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.common.function.PDFunctionType3
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/interactive/documentnavigation/outline/PDOutlineItemIterator.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.interactive.documentnavigation.outline.PDOutlineItemIterator
com/tom_roush/fontbox/ttf/OTFParser.java
 com.tom_roush.fontbox.ttf.OTFParser
com/tom_roush/fontbox/util/BoundingBox.java
 com.tom_roush.fontbox.util.BoundingBox
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/exceptions/CryptographyException.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.exceptions.CryptographyException
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/font/FontProvider.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.font.FontProvider
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/util/QuickSort.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.util.QuickSort
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.util.QuickSort$1
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/rendering/TTFGlyph2D.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.rendering.TTFGlyph2D
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/interactive/digitalsignature/visible/PDVisibleSignDesigner.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.interactive.digitalsignature.visible.PDVisibleSignDesigner
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/interactive/documentnavigation/destination/PDPageFitDestination.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.interactive.documentnavigation.destination.PDPageFitDestination
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/interactive/pagenavigation/PDThreadBead.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.interactive.pagenavigation.PDThreadBead
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/contentstream/operator/markedcontent/BeginMarkedContentSequenceWithProperties.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.contentstream.operator.markedcontent.BeginMarkedContentSequenceWithProperties
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/PDPage.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.PDPage
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/interactive/annotation/PDAppearanceCharacteristicsDictionary.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.interactive.annotation.PDAppearanceCharacteristicsDictionary
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/interactive/annotation/PDAnnotationFileAttachment.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.interactive.annotation.PDAnnotationFileAttachment
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/interactive/form/PDChoice.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.interactive.form.PDChoice
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/interactive/digitalsignature/PDSeedValueTimeStamp.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.interactive.digitalsignature.PDSeedValueTimeStamp
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/font/PDCIDFontType0.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.font.PDCIDFontType0
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/interactive/form/PDTerminalField.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.interactive.form.PDTerminalField
com/tom_roush/fontbox/ttf/NameRecord.java
 com.tom_roush.fontbox.ttf.NameRecord
com/tom_roush/fontbox/ttf/DigitalSignatureTable.java
 com.tom_roush.fontbox.ttf.DigitalSignatureTable
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/filter/CryptFilter.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.filter.CryptFilter
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/interactive/form/PDComboBox.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.interactive.form.PDComboBox
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/common/PDRectangle.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.common.PDRectangle
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/text/TextPositionComparator.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.text.TextPositionComparator
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/io/ScratchFileBuffer.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.io.ScratchFileBuffer
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/common/XrefEntry.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.common.XrefEntry
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/contentstream/PDFStreamEngine.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.contentstream.PDFStreamEngine
com/tom_roush/fontbox/cff/CFFISOAdobeCharset.java
 com.tom_roush.fontbox.cff.CFFISOAdobeCharset
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/contentstream/operator/color/SetStrokingColorN.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.contentstream.operator.color.SetStrokingColorN
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/graphics/image/PDImageXObject.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.graphics.image.PDImageXObject
com/tom_roush/fontbox/cmap/CMap.java
 com.tom_roush.fontbox.cmap.CMap
com/tom_roush/fontbox/encoding/BuiltInEncoding.java
 com.tom_roush.fontbox.encoding.BuiltInEncoding
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/contentstream/operator/state/Save.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.contentstream.operator.state.Save
com/tom_roush/fontbox/ttf/PostScriptTable.java
 com.tom_roush.fontbox.ttf.PostScriptTable
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/font/PDMMType1Font.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.font.PDMMType1Font
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/multipdf/Splitter.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.multipdf.Splitter
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/contentstream/operator/graphics/LegacyFillNonZeroRule.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.contentstream.operator.graphics.LegacyFillNonZeroRule
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdfparser/PDFXRef.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdfparser.PDFXRef
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/fdf/FDFAnnotationText.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.fdf.FDFAnnotationText
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/contentstream/operator/graphics/DrawObject.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.contentstream.operator.graphics.DrawObject
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/graphics/predictor/Optimum.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.graphics.predictor.Optimum
com/tom_roush/fontbox/ttf/GlyphTable.java
 com.tom_roush.fontbox.ttf.GlyphTable
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/rendering/Type1Glyph2D.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.rendering.Type1Glyph2D
com/tom_roush/fontbox/ttf/HorizontalMetricsTable.java
 com.tom_roush.fontbox.ttf.HorizontalMetricsTable
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/common/function/PDFunctionTypeIdentity.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.common.function.PDFunctionTypeIdentity
com/tom_roush/fontbox/cff/CIDKeyedType2CharString.java
 com.tom_roush.fontbox.cff.CIDKeyedType2CharString
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/graphics/color/PDDeviceGray.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.graphics.color.PDDeviceGray
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/font/PDVectorFont.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.font.PDVectorFont
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/filter/ASCIIHexFilter.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.filter.ASCIIHexFilter
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/interactive/digitalsignature/SignatureOptions.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.interactive.digitalsignature.SignatureOptions
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/contentstream/operator/color/SetStrokingColorSpace.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.contentstream.operator.color.SetStrokingColorSpace
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdfwriter/ContentStreamWriter.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdfwriter.ContentStreamWriter
com/tom_roush/fontbox/ttf/GlyfDescript.java
 com.tom_roush.fontbox.ttf.GlyfDescript
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/filter/FilterFactory.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.filter.FilterFactory
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/exceptions/WrappedIOException.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.exceptions.WrappedIOException
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/graphics/color/PDTristimulus.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.graphics.color.PDTristimulus
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/documentinterchange/logicalstructure/PDStructureTreeRoot.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.documentinterchange.logicalstructure.PDStructureTreeRoot
com/tom_roush/harmony/awt/AWTColor.java
 com.tom_roush.harmony.awt.AWTColor
com/tom_roush/harmony/javax/imageio/stream/RandomAccessMemoryCache.java
 com.tom_roush.harmony.javax.imageio.stream.RandomAccessMemoryCache
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/interactive/measurement/PDNumberFormatDictionary.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.interactive.measurement.PDNumberFormatDictionary
com/tom_roush/fontbox/cff/Type1CharStringParser.java
 com.tom_roush.fontbox.cff.Type1CharStringParser
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/cos/COSBoolean.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.cos.COSBoolean
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/contentstream/operator/color/SetStrokingDeviceGrayColor.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.contentstream.operator.color.SetStrokingDeviceGrayColor
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/rendering/PDFRenderer.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.rendering.PDFRenderer
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/PDDocumentNameDestinationDictionary.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.PDDocumentNameDestinationDictionary
com/tom_roush/fontbox/EncodedFont.java
 com.tom_roush.fontbox.EncodedFont
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/interactive/action/PDAdditionalActions.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.interactive.action.PDAdditionalActions
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/common/PDTypedDictionaryWrapper.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.common.PDTypedDictionaryWrapper
com/tom_roush/harmony/javax/imageio/stream/ImageOutputStreamImpl.java
 com.tom_roush.harmony.javax.imageio.stream.ImageOutputStreamImpl
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/font/encoding/Type1Encoding.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.font.encoding.Type1Encoding
com/tom_roush/fontbox/ttf/TTFDataStream.java
 com.tom_roush.fontbox.ttf.TTFDataStream
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/graphics/pattern/PDAbstractPattern.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.graphics.pattern.PDAbstractPattern
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/encryption/PDEncryptionDictionary.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.encryption.PDEncryptionDictionary
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/graphics/blend/SoftMaskPaint.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.graphics.blend.SoftMaskPaint
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/graphics/form/PDGroup.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.graphics.form.PDGroup
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/fdf/FDFDictionary.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.fdf.FDFDictionary
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/font/encoding/BuiltInEncoding.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.font.encoding.BuiltInEncoding
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/interactive/digitalsignature/visible/PDVisibleSigBuilder.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.interactive.digitalsignature.visible.PDVisibleSigBuilder
com/tom_roush/fontbox/type1/Type1CharStringReader.java
 com.tom_roush.fontbox.type1.Type1CharStringReader
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/interactive/pagenavigation/PDThread.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.interactive.pagenavigation.PDThread
com/tom_roush/fontbox/ttf/KerningTable.java
 com.tom_roush.fontbox.ttf.KerningTable
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/cos/COSObjectKey.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.cos.COSObjectKey
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/contentstream/PDContentStream.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.contentstream.PDContentStream
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/interactive/form/PDField.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.interactive.form.PDField
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/common/function/type4/InstructionSequence.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.common.function.type4.InstructionSequence
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/util/PDFHighlighter.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.util.PDFHighlighter
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/interactive/action/PDActionRemoteGoTo.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.interactive.action.PDActionRemoteGoTo
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/contentstream/operator/text/ShowText.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.contentstream.operator.text.ShowText
com/tom_roush/fontbox/type1/Type1Font.java
 com.tom_roush.fontbox.type1.Type1Font
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/PDResources.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.PDResources
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/encryption/ProtectionPolicy.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.encryption.ProtectionPolicy
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/contentstream/operator/graphics/CloseAndStrokePath.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.contentstream.operator.graphics.CloseAndStrokePath
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/contentstream/operator/graphics/CurveTo.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.contentstream.operator.graphics.CurveTo
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/cos/COSArray.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.cos.COSArray
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/interactive/annotation/PDAnnotationLink.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.interactive.annotation.PDAnnotationLink
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/documentinterchange/taggedpdf/PDLayoutAttributeObject.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.documentinterchange.taggedpdf.PDLayoutAttributeObject
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/encryption/MessageDigests.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.encryption.MessageDigests
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/common/function/type4/BitwiseOperators.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.common.function.type4.BitwiseOperators
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.common.function.type4.BitwiseOperators$1
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.common.function.type4.BitwiseOperators$AbstractLogicalOperator
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.common.function.type4.BitwiseOperators$And
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.common.function.type4.BitwiseOperators$Bitshift
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.common.function.type4.BitwiseOperators$False
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.common.function.type4.BitwiseOperators$Not
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.common.function.type4.BitwiseOperators$Or
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.common.function.type4.BitwiseOperators$True
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.common.function.type4.BitwiseOperators$Xor
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/contentstream/operator/graphics/CloseFillEvenOddAndStrokePath.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.contentstream.operator.graphics.CloseFillEvenOddAndStrokePath
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/filter/CCITTFaxFilter.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.filter.CCITTFaxFilter
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/io/SequentialRead.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.io.SequentialRead
com/tom_roush/fontbox/cff/CFFExpertSubsetCharset.java
 com.tom_roush.fontbox.cff.CFFExpertSubsetCharset
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/cos/COSInteger.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.cos.COSInteger
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/interactive/pagenavigation/PDTransitionMotion.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.interactive.pagenavigation.PDTransitionMotion
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/encryption/StandardSecurityHandler.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.encryption.StandardSecurityHandler
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/interactive/documentnavigation/destination/PDPageDestination.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.interactive.documentnavigation.destination.PDPageDestination
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/encryption/StandardProtectionPolicy.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.encryption.StandardProtectionPolicy
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/encryption/RC4Cipher.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.encryption.RC4Cipher
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/cos/COSNull.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.cos.COSNull
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/graphics/form/PDFormXObject.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.graphics.form.PDFormXObject
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/interactive/action/PDFormFieldAdditionalActions.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.interactive.action.PDFormFieldAdditionalActions
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/contentstream/operator/DrawObject.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.contentstream.operator.DrawObject
com/tom_roush/fontbox/afm/KernPair.java
 com.tom_roush.fontbox.afm.KernPair
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/contentstream/operator/text/SetWordSpacing.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.contentstream.operator.text.SetWordSpacing
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/cos/COSInputStream.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.cos.COSInputStream
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.cos.COSInputStream$1
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/fdf/FDFIconFit.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.fdf.FDFIconFit
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/filter/ccitt/CCITTFaxG31DDecodeInputStream.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.filter.ccitt.CCITTFaxG31DDecodeInputStream
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.filter.ccitt.CCITTFaxG31DDecodeInputStream$1
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.filter.ccitt.CCITTFaxG31DDecodeInputStream$CodeWord
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.filter.ccitt.CCITTFaxG31DDecodeInputStream$EndOfLineTreeNode
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.filter.ccitt.CCITTFaxG31DDecodeInputStream$LookupTreeNode
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.filter.ccitt.CCITTFaxG31DDecodeInputStream$MakeUpTreeNode
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.filter.ccitt.CCITTFaxG31DDecodeInputStream$NonLeafLookupTreeNode
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.filter.ccitt.CCITTFaxG31DDecodeInputStream$RunLengthTreeNode
com/tom_roush/fontbox/cff/CFFCIDFont.java
 com.tom_roush.fontbox.cff.CFFCIDFont
 com.tom_roush.fontbox.cff.CFFCIDFont$1
 com.tom_roush.fontbox.cff.CFFCIDFont$PrivateType1CharStringReader
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/graphics/shading/PDShadingType5.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.graphics.shading.PDShadingType5
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/interactive/documentnavigation/outline/PDDocumentOutline.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.interactive.documentnavigation.outline.PDDocumentOutline
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/multipdf/PDFMergerUtility.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.multipdf.PDFMergerUtility
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/interactive/digitalsignature/visible/PDFTemplateStructure.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.interactive.digitalsignature.visible.PDFTemplateStructure
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/fdf/FDFDocument.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.fdf.FDFDocument
com/tom_roush/fontbox/ttf/VerticalHeaderTable.java
 com.tom_roush.fontbox.ttf.VerticalHeaderTable
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/documentinterchange/logicalstructure/Revisions.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.documentinterchange.logicalstructure.Revisions
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/interactive/documentnavigation/destination/PDDestination.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.interactive.documentnavigation.destination.PDDestination
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/interactive/documentnavigation/destination/PDPageFitRectangleDestination.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.interactive.documentnavigation.destination.PDPageFitRectangleDestination
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/contentstream/operator/OperatorProcessor.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.contentstream.operator.OperatorProcessor
com/tom_roush/fontbox/cff/DataInput.java
 com.tom_roush.fontbox.cff.DataInput
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/font/PDCIDFontType2.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.font.PDCIDFontType2
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/interactive/pagenavigation/PDTransition.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.interactive.pagenavigation.PDTransition
com/tom_roush/fontbox/util/autodetect/AndroidFontDirFinder.java
 com.tom_roush.fontbox.util.autodetect.AndroidFontDirFinder
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/MissingResourceException.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.MissingResourceException
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/common/filespecification/PDComplexFileSpecification.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.common.filespecification.PDComplexFileSpecification
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/util/DateConverter.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.util.DateConverter
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/interactive/digitalsignature/PDSeedValue.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.interactive.digitalsignature.PDSeedValue
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/PDPageTree.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.PDPageTree
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.PDPageTree$1
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.PDPageTree$PageIterator
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.PDPageTree$SearchContext
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/common/COSArrayList.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.common.COSArrayList
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/graphics/color/PDDeviceColorSpace.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.graphics.color.PDDeviceColorSpace
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/util/Version.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.util.Version
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/contentstream/operator/graphics/FillEvenOddAndStrokePath.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.contentstream.operator.graphics.FillEvenOddAndStrokePath
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/interactive/documentnavigation/destination/PDNamedDestination.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.interactive.documentnavigation.destination.PDNamedDestination
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/filter/ccitt/PackedBitArray.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.filter.ccitt.PackedBitArray
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/graphics/optionalcontent/PDOptionalContentProperties.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.graphics.optionalcontent.PDOptionalContentProperties
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.graphics.optionalcontent.PDOptionalContentProperties$BaseState
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/contentstream/operator/text/BeginText.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.contentstream.operator.text.BeginText
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/contentstream/operator/color/SetNonStrokingDeviceRGBColor.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.contentstream.operator.color.SetNonStrokingDeviceRGBColor
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/interactive/annotation/PDAppearanceEntry.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.interactive.annotation.PDAppearanceEntry
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/contentstream/operator/color/SetNonStrokingColorN.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.contentstream.operator.color.SetNonStrokingColorN
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/common/filespecification/PDSimpleFileSpecification.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.common.filespecification.PDSimpleFileSpecification
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/contentstream/PDFGraphicsStreamEngine.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.contentstream.PDFGraphicsStreamEngine
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/contentstream/operator/graphics/GraphicsOperatorProcessor.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.contentstream.operator.graphics.GraphicsOperatorProcessor
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/PDDestinationNameTreeNode.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.PDDestinationNameTreeNode
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/interactive/digitalsignature/visible/PDVisibleSigProperties.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.interactive.digitalsignature.visible.PDVisibleSigProperties
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/documentinterchange/taggedpdf/PDStandardAttributeObject.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.documentinterchange.taggedpdf.PDStandardAttributeObject
com/tom_roush/fontbox/ttf/VerticalMetricsTable.java
 com.tom_roush.fontbox.ttf.VerticalMetricsTable
com/tom_roush/fontbox/type1/Token.java
 com.tom_roush.fontbox.type1.Token
 com.tom_roush.fontbox.type1.Token$Kind
com/tom_roush/fontbox/ttf/GlyfCompositeDescript.java
 com.tom_roush.fontbox.ttf.GlyfCompositeDescript
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/font/FontCache.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.font.FontCache
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/graphics/predictor/Paeth.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.graphics.predictor.Paeth
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/interactive/measurement/PDMeasureDictionary.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.interactive.measurement.PDMeasureDictionary
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/text/PDFTextStripper.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.text.PDFTextStripper
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.text.PDFTextStripper$LineItem
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.text.PDFTextStripper$PositionWrapper
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.text.PDFTextStripper$WordWithTextPositions
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/PDDocumentCatalog.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.PDDocumentCatalog
com/tom_roush/fontbox/cff/IndexData.java
 com.tom_roush.fontbox.cff.IndexData
com/tom_roush/fontbox/ttf/TTFParser.java
 com.tom_roush.fontbox.ttf.TTFParser
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/common/function/type4/Operator.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.common.function.type4.Operator
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/contentstream/operator/text/MoveText.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.contentstream.operator.text.MoveText
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/font/CIDFontMapping.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.font.CIDFontMapping
com/tom_roush/fontbox/ttf/GlyphData.java
 com.tom_roush.fontbox.ttf.GlyphData
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/interactive/pagenavigation/PDTransitionDirection.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.interactive.pagenavigation.PDTransitionDirection
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.interactive.pagenavigation.PDTransitionDirection$1
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/contentstream/operator/graphics/FillNonZeroAndStrokePath.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.contentstream.operator.graphics.FillNonZeroAndStrokePath
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/font/PDSimpleFont.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.font.PDSimpleFont
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/fdf/FDFAnnotationLine.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.fdf.FDFAnnotationLine
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/cos/COSNumber.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.cos.COSNumber
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/fdf/FDFAnnotationFileAttachment.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.fdf.FDFAnnotationFileAttachment
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/rendering/CIDType0Glyph2D.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.rendering.CIDType0Glyph2D
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/common/function/type4/RelationalOperators.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.common.function.type4.RelationalOperators
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.common.function.type4.RelationalOperators$1
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.common.function.type4.RelationalOperators$AbstractNumberComparisonOperator
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.common.function.type4.RelationalOperators$Eq
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.common.function.type4.RelationalOperators$Ge
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.common.function.type4.RelationalOperators$Gt
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.common.function.type4.RelationalOperators$Le
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.common.function.type4.RelationalOperators$Lt
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.common.function.type4.RelationalOperators$Ne
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/contentstream/operator/text/MoveTextSetLeading.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.contentstream.operator.text.MoveTextSetLeading
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/graphics/shading/PDShadingType4.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.graphics.shading.PDShadingType4
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/contentstream/operator/graphics/StrokePath.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.contentstream.operator.graphics.StrokePath
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/filter/MissingImageReaderException.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.filter.MissingImageReaderException
com/tom_roush/fontbox/encoding/Encoding.java
 com.tom_roush.fontbox.encoding.Encoding
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/util/Hex.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.util.Hex
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/io/RandomAccessBuffer.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.io.RandomAccessBuffer
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/contentstream/operator/graphics/ClipEvenOddRule.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.contentstream.operator.graphics.ClipEvenOddRule
com/tom_roush/fontbox/cff/CFFCharset.java
 com.tom_roush.fontbox.cff.CFFCharset
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/common/function/type4/StackOperators.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.common.function.type4.StackOperators
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.common.function.type4.StackOperators$Copy
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.common.function.type4.StackOperators$Dup
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.common.function.type4.StackOperators$Exch
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.common.function.type4.StackOperators$Index
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.common.function.type4.StackOperators$Pop
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.common.function.type4.StackOperators$Roll
com/tom_roush/harmony/awt/geom/AffineTransform.java
 com.tom_roush.harmony.awt.geom.AffineTransform
 com.tom_roush.harmony.awt.geom.AffineTransform$NoninvertibleTransformException
com/tom_roush/fontbox/ttf/WGL4Names.java
 com.tom_roush.fontbox.ttf.WGL4Names
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/contentstream/operator/state/SetLineDashPattern.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.contentstream.operator.state.SetLineDashPattern
com/tom_roush/fontbox/ttf/GlyphRenderer.java
 com.tom_roush.fontbox.ttf.GlyphRenderer
 com.tom_roush.fontbox.ttf.GlyphRenderer$Point
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/graphics/shading/PDTriangleBasedShadingType.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.graphics.shading.PDTriangleBasedShadingType
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/documentinterchange/taggedpdf/PDFourColours.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.documentinterchange.taggedpdf.PDFourColours
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/interactive/form/PDCheckbox.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.interactive.form.PDCheckbox
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/common/PDNumberTreeNode.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.common.PDNumberTreeNode
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/common/PDObjectStream.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.common.PDObjectStream
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/graphics/predictor/PredictorAlgorithm.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.graphics.predictor.PredictorAlgorithm
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/font/PDType1Font.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.font.PDType1Font
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/common/function/type4/Parser.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.common.function.type4.Parser
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.common.function.type4.Parser$1
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.common.function.type4.Parser$AbstractSyntaxHandler
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.common.function.type4.Parser$State
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.common.function.type4.Parser$SyntaxHandler
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.common.function.type4.Parser$Tokenizer
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/interactive/documentnavigation/destination/PDPageFitWidthDestination.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.interactive.documentnavigation.destination.PDPageFitWidthDestination
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/interactive/digitalsignature/PDSignature.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.interactive.digitalsignature.PDSignature
com/tom_roush/fontbox/ttf/TTFSubsetter.java
 com.tom_roush.fontbox.ttf.TTFSubsetter
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/multipdf/PageExtractor.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.multipdf.PageExtractor
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/ResourceCache.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.ResourceCache
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/font/PDFont.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.font.PDFont
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/graphics/state/PDSoftMask.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.graphics.state.PDSoftMask
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/documentinterchange/taggedpdf/PDExportFormatAttributeObject.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.documentinterchange.taggedpdf.PDExportFormatAttributeObject
com/tom_roush/fontbox/ttf/MemoryTTFDataStream.java
 com.tom_roush.fontbox.ttf.MemoryTTFDataStream
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/interactive/action/PDActionJavaScript.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.interactive.action.PDActionJavaScript
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/text/PDFTextStripperByArea.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.text.PDFTextStripperByArea
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/contentstream/operator/markedcontent/EndMarkedContentSequence.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.contentstream.operator.markedcontent.EndMarkedContentSequence
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/graphics/pattern/PDShadingPattern.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.graphics.pattern.PDShadingPattern
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/contentstream/operator/text/SetTextRenderingMode.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.contentstream.operator.text.SetTextRenderingMode
com/tom_roush/fontbox/cff/CharStringCommand.java
 com.tom_roush.fontbox.cff.CharStringCommand
 com.tom_roush.fontbox.cff.CharStringCommand$Key
com/tom_roush/fontbox/util/autodetect/NativeFontDirFinder.java
 com.tom_roush.fontbox.util.autodetect.NativeFontDirFinder
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/filter/RunLengthDecodeFilter.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.filter.RunLengthDecodeFilter
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdfparser/PDFObjectStreamParser.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdfparser.PDFObjectStreamParser
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/common/COSDictionaryMap.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.common.COSDictionaryMap
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/graphics/PDXObject.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.graphics.PDXObject
com/tom_roush/fontbox/ttf/KerningSubtable.java
 com.tom_roush.fontbox.ttf.KerningSubtable
 com.tom_roush.fontbox.ttf.KerningSubtable$1
 com.tom_roush.fontbox.ttf.KerningSubtable$PairData
 com.tom_roush.fontbox.ttf.KerningSubtable$PairData0Format0
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/fdf/FDFAnnotation.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.fdf.FDFAnnotation
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/interactive/annotation/PDAppearanceStream.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.interactive.annotation.PDAppearanceStream
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/contentstream/operator/state/Concatenate.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.contentstream.operator.state.Concatenate
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/interactive/action/PDActionURI.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.interactive.action.PDActionURI
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/interactive/annotation/PDAppearanceDictionary.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.interactive.annotation.PDAppearanceDictionary
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/graphics/state/PDGraphicsState.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.graphics.state.PDGraphicsState
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/graphics/color/PDGamma.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.graphics.color.PDGamma
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/interactive/digitalsignature/SignatureInterface.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.interactive.digitalsignature.SignatureInterface
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/interactive/action/PDActionLaunch.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.interactive.action.PDActionLaunch
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/encryption/PublicKeyDecryptionMaterial.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.encryption.PublicKeyDecryptionMaterial
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/font/PDCIDSystemInfo.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.font.PDCIDSystemInfo
com/tom_roush/fontbox/cff/Type1CharStringFormatter.java
 com.tom_roush.fontbox.cff.Type1CharStringFormatter
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/common/function/type4/ExecutionContext.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.common.function.type4.ExecutionContext
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/graphics/state/RenderingMode.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.graphics.state.RenderingMode
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/contentstream/operator/graphics/CurveToReplicateFinalPoint.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.contentstream.operator.graphics.CurveToReplicateFinalPoint
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/graphics/pattern/PDTilingPattern.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.graphics.pattern.PDTilingPattern
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/fdf/FDFAnnotationPolygon.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.fdf.FDFAnnotationPolygon
com/tom_roush/fontbox/util/autodetect/FontFileFinder.java
 com.tom_roush.fontbox.util.autodetect.FontFileFinder
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/encryption/PublicKeyRecipient.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.encryption.PublicKeyRecipient
com/tom_roush/fontbox/afm/Ligature.java
 com.tom_roush.fontbox.afm.Ligature
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/interactive/pagenavigation/PDTransitionStyle.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.interactive.pagenavigation.PDTransitionStyle
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/interactive/digitalsignature/visible/PDFTemplateCreator.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.interactive.digitalsignature.visible.PDFTemplateCreator
com/tom_roush/harmony/javax/imageio/stream/ImageInputStreamImpl.java
 com.tom_roush.harmony.javax.imageio.stream.ImageInputStreamImpl
 com.tom_roush.harmony.javax.imageio.stream.ImageInputStreamImpl$1
 com.tom_roush.harmony.javax.imageio.stream.ImageInputStreamImpl$PositionStack
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/filter/ccitt/CCITTFaxConstants.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.filter.ccitt.CCITTFaxConstants
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/interactive/annotation/PDAnnotationMarkup.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.interactive.annotation.PDAnnotationMarkup
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/graphics/shading/PDShadingType7.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.graphics.shading.PDShadingType7
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/PageMode.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.PageMode
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/interactive/action/PDActionGoTo.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.interactive.action.PDActionGoTo
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/cos/UnmodifiableCOSDictionary.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.cos.UnmodifiableCOSDictionary
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/encryption/SecurityHandler.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.encryption.SecurityHandler
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/contentstream/operator/state/SetMatrix.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.contentstream.operator.state.SetMatrix
com/tom_roush/fontbox/ttf/OS2WindowsMetricsTable.java
 com.tom_roush.fontbox.ttf.OS2WindowsMetricsTable
com/tom_roush/fontbox/cff/CFFDataInput.java
 com.tom_roush.fontbox.cff.CFFDataInput
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/cos/PDFDocEncoding.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.cos.PDFDocEncoding
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/encryption/SecurityHandlerFactory.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.encryption.SecurityHandlerFactory
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/common/function/type4/ConditionalOperators.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.common.function.type4.ConditionalOperators
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.common.function.type4.ConditionalOperators$If
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.common.function.type4.ConditionalOperators$IfElse
com/tom_roush/fontbox/cff/CFFStandardEncoding.java
 com.tom_roush.fontbox.cff.CFFStandardEncoding
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/interactive/form/PDAcroForm.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.interactive.form.PDAcroForm
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/contentstream/operator/graphics/ClosePath.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.contentstream.operator.graphics.ClosePath
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/contentstream/operator/graphics/CloseFillNonZeroAndStrokePath.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.contentstream.operator.graphics.CloseFillNonZeroAndStrokePath
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/fdf/FDFNamedPageReference.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.fdf.FDFNamedPageReference
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdfparser/SequentialSource.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdfparser.SequentialSource
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/documentinterchange/markedcontent/PDMarkedContent.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.documentinterchange.markedcontent.PDMarkedContent
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/contentstream/operator/graphics/ShadingFill.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.contentstream.operator.graphics.ShadingFill
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/cos/COSName.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.cos.COSName
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/fdf/FDFAnnotationFreeText.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.fdf.FDFAnnotationFreeText
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/contentstream/operator/text/SetTextRise.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.contentstream.operator.text.SetTextRise
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/interactive/documentnavigation/outline/PDOutlineItem.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.interactive.documentnavigation.outline.PDOutlineItem
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/font/FontMapper.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.font.FontMapper
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.font.FontMapper$DefaultFontProvider
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.font.FontMapper$FontMatch
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/interactive/form/PDRadioButton.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.interactive.form.PDRadioButton
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/fdf/FDFTemplate.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.fdf.FDFTemplate
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/contentstream/operator/color/SetNonStrokingDeviceGrayColor.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.contentstream.operator.color.SetNonStrokingDeviceGrayColor
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdfwriter/COSWriter.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdfwriter.COSWriter
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/common/filespecification/PDEmbeddedFile.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.common.filespecification.PDEmbeddedFile
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/DefaultResourceCache.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.DefaultResourceCache
com/tom_roush/fontbox/cmap/CIDRange.java
 com.tom_roush.fontbox.cmap.CIDRange
com/tom_roush/harmony/javax/imageio/stream/MemoryCacheImageInputStream.java
 com.tom_roush.harmony.javax.imageio.stream.MemoryCacheImageInputStream
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/interactive/documentnavigation/outline/PDOutlineNode.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.interactive.documentnavigation.outline.PDOutlineNode
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.interactive.documentnavigation.outline.PDOutlineNode$1
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/encryption/InvalidPasswordException.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.encryption.InvalidPasswordException
com/tom_roush/harmony/javax/imageio/stream/MemoryCacheImageOutputStream.java
 com.tom_roush.harmony.javax.imageio.stream.MemoryCacheImageOutputStream
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/graphics/image/PDImage.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.graphics.image.PDImage
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/contentstream/operator/text/SetTextHorizontalScaling.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.contentstream.operator.text.SetTextHorizontalScaling
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/font/PDType1FontEmbedder.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.font.PDType1FontEmbedder
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdfparser/EndstreamOutputStream.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdfparser.EndstreamOutputStream
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/documentinterchange/taggedpdf/PDArtifactMarkedContent.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.documentinterchange.taggedpdf.PDArtifactMarkedContent
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/font/PDType3CharProc.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.font.PDType3CharProc
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/interactive/annotation/PDExternalDataDictionary.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.interactive.annotation.PDExternalDataDictionary
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/fdf/FDFField.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.fdf.FDFField
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/PDStructureElementNameTreeNode.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.PDStructureElementNameTreeNode
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/common/PDDictionaryWrapper.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.common.PDDictionaryWrapper
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/encryption/PDCryptFilterDictionary.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.encryption.PDCryptFilterDictionary
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/fdf/XMLUtil.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.fdf.XMLUtil
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/interactive/documentnavigation/destination/PDPageXYZDestination.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.interactive.documentnavigation.destination.PDPageXYZDestination
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/interactive/action/PDDocumentCatalogAdditionalActions.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.interactive.action.PDDocumentCatalogAdditionalActions
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/font/encoding/Encoding.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.font.encoding.Encoding
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/encryption/StandardDecryptionMaterial.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.encryption.StandardDecryptionMaterial
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/contentstream/operator/graphics/MoveTo.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.contentstream.operator.graphics.MoveTo
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/interactive/annotation/PDAnnotationLine.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.interactive.annotation.PDAnnotationLine
com/tom_roush/fontbox/ttf/TrueTypeFont.java
 com.tom_roush.fontbox.ttf.TrueTypeFont
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/common/function/type4/ArithmeticOperators.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.common.function.type4.ArithmeticOperators
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.common.function.type4.ArithmeticOperators$Abs
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.common.function.type4.ArithmeticOperators$Add
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.common.function.type4.ArithmeticOperators$Atan
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.common.function.type4.ArithmeticOperators$Ceiling
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.common.function.type4.ArithmeticOperators$Cos
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.common.function.type4.ArithmeticOperators$Cvi
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.common.function.type4.ArithmeticOperators$Cvr
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.common.function.type4.ArithmeticOperators$Div
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.common.function.type4.ArithmeticOperators$Exp
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.common.function.type4.ArithmeticOperators$Floor
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.common.function.type4.ArithmeticOperators$IDiv
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.common.function.type4.ArithmeticOperators$Ln
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.common.function.type4.ArithmeticOperators$Log
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.common.function.type4.ArithmeticOperators$Mod
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.common.function.type4.ArithmeticOperators$Mul
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.common.function.type4.ArithmeticOperators$Neg
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.common.function.type4.ArithmeticOperators$Round
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.common.function.type4.ArithmeticOperators$Sin
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.common.function.type4.ArithmeticOperators$Sqrt
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.common.function.type4.ArithmeticOperators$Sub
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.common.function.type4.ArithmeticOperators$Truncate
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/BuildConfig.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.BuildConfig
com/tom_roush/fontbox/type1/Type1Lexer.java
 com.tom_roush.fontbox.type1.Type1Lexer
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/interactive/form/PDNonTerminalField.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.interactive.form.PDNonTerminalField
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/fdf/FDFAnnotationCaret.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.fdf.FDFAnnotationCaret
com/tom_roush/fontbox/cff/CFFExpertCharset.java
 com.tom_roush.fontbox.cff.CFFExpertCharset
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdfparser/PDFStreamParser.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdfparser.PDFStreamParser
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/interactive/annotation/PDBorderStyleDictionary.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.interactive.annotation.PDBorderStyleDictionary
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/fdf/FDFOptionElement.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.fdf.FDFOptionElement
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/filter/Filter.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.filter.Filter
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/graphics/color/PDOutputIntent.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.graphics.color.PDOutputIntent
com/tom_roush/fontbox/cff/Type1CharString.java
 com.tom_roush.fontbox.cff.Type1CharString
 com.tom_roush.fontbox.cff.Type1CharString$1
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/interactive/form/PDButton.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.interactive.form.PDButton
com/tom_roush/fontbox/ttf/IndexToLocationTable.java
 com.tom_roush.fontbox.ttf.IndexToLocationTable
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/documentinterchange/logicalstructure/PDDefaultAttributeObject.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.documentinterchange.logicalstructure.PDDefaultAttributeObject
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/io/MemoryUsageSetting.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.io.MemoryUsageSetting
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/graphics/shading/PDShadingType1.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.graphics.shading.PDShadingType1
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/common/PDPageLabels.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.common.PDPageLabels
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.common.PDPageLabels$1
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.common.PDPageLabels$2
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.common.PDPageLabels$LabelGenerator
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.common.PDPageLabels$LabelHandler
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/contentstream/operator/color/SetColor.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.contentstream.operator.color.SetColor
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/graphics/state/RenderingIntent.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.graphics.state.RenderingIntent
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/graphics/color/PDDeviceRGB.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.graphics.color.PDDeviceRGB
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/interactive/measurement/PDViewportDictionary.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.interactive.measurement.PDViewportDictionary
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/cos/COSDictionary.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.cos.COSDictionary
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/font/Subsetter.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.font.Subsetter
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/graphics/predictor/Up.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.graphics.predictor.Up
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/interactive/form/PDVariableText.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.interactive.form.PDVariableText
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/fdf/FDFPageInfo.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.fdf.FDFPageInfo
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/font/encoding/MacRomanEncoding.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.font.encoding.MacRomanEncoding
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/cos/COSStream.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.cos.COSStream
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.cos.COSStream$1
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.cos.COSStream$2
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/common/PDNameTreeNode.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.common.PDNameTreeNode
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/fdf/FDFAnnotationPolyline.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.fdf.FDFAnnotationPolyline
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/text/TextPosition.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.text.TextPosition
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/common/function/type4/InstructionSequenceBuilder.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.common.function.type4.InstructionSequenceBuilder
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/interactive/annotation/PDAnnotation.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.interactive.annotation.PDAnnotation
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/encryption/BadSecurityHandlerException.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.encryption.BadSecurityHandlerException
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/fdf/FDFAnnotationUnderline.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.fdf.FDFAnnotationUnderline
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/documentinterchange/logicalstructure/PDAttributeObject.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.documentinterchange.logicalstructure.PDAttributeObject
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/contentstream/operator/MissingOperandException.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.contentstream.operator.MissingOperandException
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/contentstream/operator/text/SetTextLeading.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.contentstream.operator.text.SetTextLeading
com/tom_roush/fontbox/cff/CFFEncoding.java
 com.tom_roush.fontbox.cff.CFFEncoding
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/interactive/form/PDFieldFactory.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.interactive.form.PDFieldFactory
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/cos/COSUpdateInfo.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.cos.COSUpdateInfo
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/exceptions/InvalidPasswordException.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.exceptions.InvalidPasswordException
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/PDEmbeddedFilesNameTreeNode.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.PDEmbeddedFilesNameTreeNode
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/exceptions/COSVisitorException.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.exceptions.COSVisitorException
com/tom_roush/fontbox/ttf/GlyfSimpleDescript.java
 com.tom_roush.fontbox.ttf.GlyfSimpleDescript
com/tom_roush/fontbox/util/autodetect/UnixFontDirFinder.java
 com.tom_roush.fontbox.util.autodetect.UnixFontDirFinder
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/cos/COSBase.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.cos.COSBase
com/tom_roush/fontbox/afm/FontMetrics.java
 com.tom_roush.fontbox.afm.FontMetrics
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/io/RandomAccess.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.io.RandomAccess
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/font/FontFormat.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.font.FontFormat
com/tom_roush/fontbox/encoding/StandardEncoding.java
 com.tom_roush.fontbox.encoding.StandardEncoding
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdfparser/XrefTrailerResolver.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdfparser.XrefTrailerResolver
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdfparser.XrefTrailerResolver$1
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdfparser.XrefTrailerResolver$XRefType
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdfparser.XrefTrailerResolver$XrefTrailerObj
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/fdf/FDFAnnotationStamp.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.fdf.FDFAnnotationStamp
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/fdf/FDFAnnotationSquiggly.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.fdf.FDFAnnotationSquiggly
com/tom_roush/fontbox/afm/CharMetric.java
 com.tom_roush.fontbox.afm.CharMetric
com/tom_roush/fontbox/afm/TrackKern.java
 com.tom_roush.fontbox.afm.TrackKern
com/tom_roush/fontbox/cff/Type2CharStringParser.java
 com.tom_roush.fontbox.cff.Type2CharStringParser
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/font/TrueTypeEmbedder.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.font.TrueTypeEmbedder
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/io/RandomAccessOutputStream.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.io.RandomAccessOutputStream
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/graphics/image/SampledImageReader.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.graphics.image.SampledImageReader
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/io/RandomAccessBufferedFileInputStream.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.io.RandomAccessBufferedFileInputStream
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.io.RandomAccessBufferedFileInputStream$1
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdfparser/BaseParser.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdfparser.BaseParser
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdfparser/PDFParser.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdfparser.PDFParser
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/contentstream/operator/state/SetLineJoinStyle.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.contentstream.operator.state.SetLineJoinStyle
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/font/PDType0Font.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.font.PDType0Font
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/font/Standard14Fonts.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.font.Standard14Fonts
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/interactive/action/PDURIDictionary.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.interactive.action.PDURIDictionary
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/PDDocumentInformation.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.PDDocumentInformation
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdfparser/COSParser.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdfparser.COSParser
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/graphics/predictor/Sub.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.graphics.predictor.Sub
com/tom_roush/fontbox/cff/CFFOperator.java
 com.tom_roush.fontbox.cff.CFFOperator
 com.tom_roush.fontbox.cff.CFFOperator$Key
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/font/encoding/GlyphList.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.font.encoding.GlyphList
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/documentinterchange/taggedpdf/PDTableAttributeObject.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.documentinterchange.taggedpdf.PDTableAttributeObject
com/tom_roush/fontbox/ttf/TTCDataStream.java
 com.tom_roush.fontbox.ttf.TTCDataStream
com/tom_roush/fontbox/util/autodetect/MacFontDirFinder.java
 com.tom_roush.fontbox.util.autodetect.MacFontDirFinder
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/common/function/PDFunction.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.common.function.PDFunction
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdfparser/RandomAccessSource.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdfparser.RandomAccessSource
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/filter/ccitt/FillOrderChangeInputStream.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.filter.ccitt.FillOrderChangeInputStream
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/interactive/form/PDXFAResource.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.interactive.form.PDXFAResource
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/cos/COSFloat.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.cos.COSFloat
com/tom_roush/fontbox/util/autodetect/WindowsFontDirFinder.java
 com.tom_roush.fontbox.util.autodetect.WindowsFontDirFinder
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/io/RandomAccessFile.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.io.RandomAccessFile
com/tom_roush/fontbox/afm/Composite.java
 com.tom_roush.fontbox.afm.Composite
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/common/PDStream.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.common.PDStream
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/documentinterchange/logicalstructure/PDObjectReference.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.documentinterchange.logicalstructure.PDObjectReference
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/graphics/image/LosslessFactory.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.graphics.image.LosslessFactory
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/interactive/action/PDActionNamed.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.interactive.action.PDActionNamed
com/tom_roush/fontbox/ttf/GlyfCompositeComp.java
 com.tom_roush.fontbox.ttf.GlyfCompositeComp
com/tom_roush/fontbox/ttf/VerticalOriginTable.java
 com.tom_roush.fontbox.ttf.VerticalOriginTable
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/graphics/blend/SeparableBlendMode.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.graphics.blend.SeparableBlendMode
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/font/encoding/StandardEncoding.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.font.encoding.StandardEncoding
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/graphics/predictor/Average.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.graphics.predictor.Average
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/interactive/form/AppearanceGeneratorHelper.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.interactive.form.AppearanceGeneratorHelper
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/font/CmapManager.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.font.CMapManager
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/documentinterchange/prepress/PDBoxStyle.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.documentinterchange.prepress.PDBoxStyle
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/fdf/FDFAnnotationInk.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.fdf.FDFAnnotationInk
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/interactive/documentnavigation/destination/PDPageFitHeightDestination.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.interactive.documentnavigation.destination.PDPageFitHeightDestination
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/graphics/PDLineDashPattern.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.graphics.PDLineDashPattern
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdfparser/PDFXRefStream.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdfparser.PDFXRefStream
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdfparser.PDFXRefStream$FreeReference
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdfparser.PDFXRefStream$NormalReference
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdfparser.PDFXRefStream$ObjectStreamReference
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/PDJavascriptNameTreeNode.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.PDJavascriptNameTreeNode
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/rendering/Glyph2D.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.rendering.Glyph2D
com/tom_roush/fontbox/type1/DamagedFontException.java
 com.tom_roush.fontbox.type1.DamagedFontException
com/tom_roush/fontbox/cff/Type2CharString.java
 com.tom_roush.fontbox.cff.Type2CharString
 com.tom_roush.fontbox.cff.Type2CharString$1
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/contentstream/operator/markedcontent/BeginMarkedContentSequence.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.contentstream.operator.markedcontent.BeginMarkedContentSequence
com/tom_roush/fontbox/cff/CFFExpertEncoding.java
 com.tom_roush.fontbox.cff.CFFExpertEncoding
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/common/function/PDFunctionType2.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.common.function.PDFunctionType2
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/graphics/color/PDColor.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.graphics.color.PDColor
com/tom_roush/fontbox/encoding/MacRomanEncoding.java
 com.tom_roush.fontbox.encoding.MacRomanEncoding
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/contentstream/operator/text/ShowTextLineAndSpace.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.contentstream.operator.text.ShowTextLineAndSpace
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/text/PDFTextStreamEngine.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.text.PDFTextStreamEngine
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/font/FileSystemFontProvider.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.font.FileSystemFontProvider
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.font.FileSystemFontProvider$1
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.font.FileSystemFontProvider$FSFontInfo
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.font.FileSystemFontProvider$FSIgnored
com/tom_roush/fontbox/cmap/CodespaceRange.java
 com.tom_roush.fontbox.cmap.CodespaceRange
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/contentstream/operator/text/ShowTextAdjusted.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.contentstream.operator.text.ShowTextAdjusted
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/filter/DCTFilter.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.filter.DCTFilter
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/multipdf/Overlay.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.multipdf.Overlay
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.multipdf.Overlay$1
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.multipdf.Overlay$LayoutPage
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.multipdf.Overlay$Position
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/interactive/form/PDListBox.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.interactive.form.PDListBox
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/interactive/annotation/PDAnnotationText.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.interactive.annotation.PDAnnotationText
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/font/PDPanoseClassification.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.font.PDPanoseClassification
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/fdf/FDFPage.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.fdf.FDFPage
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/font/PDType1CFont.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.font.PDType1CFont
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/interactive/viewerpreferences/PDViewerPreferences.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.interactive.viewerpreferences.PDViewerPreferences
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.interactive.viewerpreferences.PDViewerPreferences$BOUNDARY
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.interactive.viewerpreferences.PDViewerPreferences$DUPLEX
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.interactive.viewerpreferences.PDViewerPreferences$NON_FULL_SCREEN_PAGE_MODE
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.interactive.viewerpreferences.PDViewerPreferences$PRINT_SCALING
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.interactive.viewerpreferences.PDViewerPreferences$READING_DIRECTION
com/tom_roush/pdfbox/pdmodel/fdf/FDFAnnotationSquare.java
 com.tom_roush.pdfbox.pdmodel.fdf.FDFAnnotationSquare
