com/thegrizzlylabs/sardineandroid/model/WriteProperties.java
 com.thegrizzlylabs.sardineandroid.model.WriteProperties
com/thegrizzlylabs/sardineandroid/model/WriteAcl.java
 com.thegrizzlylabs.sardineandroid.model.WriteAcl
com/thegrizzlylabs/sardineandroid/model/EntityWithAnyElement.java
 com.thegrizzlylabs.sardineandroid.model.EntityWithAnyElement
com/thegrizzlylabs/sardineandroid/model/QuotaUsedBytes.java
 com.thegrizzlylabs.sardineandroid.model.QuotaUsedBytes
com/thegrizzlylabs/sardineandroid/impl/handler/VoidResponseHandler.java
 com.thegrizzlylabs.sardineandroid.impl.handler.VoidResponseHandler
com/thegrizzlylabs/sardineandroid/model/Owner.java
 com.thegrizzlylabs.sardineandroid.model.Owner
com/thegrizzlylabs/sardineandroid/model/Read.java
 com.thegrizzlylabs.sardineandroid.model.Read
com/thegrizzlylabs/sardineandroid/DavPrincipal.java
 com.thegrizzlylabs.sardineandroid.DavPrincipal
 com.thegrizzlylabs.sardineandroid.DavPrincipal$PrincipalType
com/thegrizzlylabs/sardineandroid/model/UnBind.java
 com.thegrizzlylabs.sardineandroid.model.UnBind
com/thegrizzlylabs/sardineandroid/model/Lockentry.java
 com.thegrizzlylabs.sardineandroid.model.Lockentry
com/thegrizzlylabs/sardineandroid/model/PrincipalURL.java
 com.thegrizzlylabs.sardineandroid.model.PrincipalURL
com/thegrizzlylabs/sardineandroid/model/Error.java
 com.thegrizzlylabs.sardineandroid.model.Error
com/thegrizzlylabs/sardineandroid/model/ReadCurrentUserPrivilegeSet.java
 com.thegrizzlylabs.sardineandroid.model.ReadCurrentUserPrivilegeSet
com/thegrizzlylabs/sardineandroid/model/ReadAcl.java
 com.thegrizzlylabs.sardineandroid.model.ReadAcl
com/thegrizzlylabs/sardineandroid/model/Multistatus.java
 com.thegrizzlylabs.sardineandroid.model.Multistatus
com/thegrizzlylabs/sardineandroid/model/Link.java
 com.thegrizzlylabs.sardineandroid.model.Link
com/thegrizzlylabs/sardineandroid/model/Activelock.java
 com.thegrizzlylabs.sardineandroid.model.Activelock
com/thegrizzlylabs/sardineandroid/model/Propname.java
 com.thegrizzlylabs.sardineandroid.model.Propname
com/thegrizzlylabs/sardineandroid/model/Property.java
 com.thegrizzlylabs.sardineandroid.model.Property
 com.thegrizzlylabs.sardineandroid.model.Property$PropertyConverter
com/thegrizzlylabs/sardineandroid/model/SupportedReport.java
 com.thegrizzlylabs.sardineandroid.model.SupportedReport
com/thegrizzlylabs/sardineandroid/model/Protected.java
 com.thegrizzlylabs.sardineandroid.model.Protected
com/thegrizzlylabs/sardineandroid/impl/handler/ExistsResponseHandler.java
 com.thegrizzlylabs.sardineandroid.impl.handler.ExistsResponseHandler
com/thegrizzlylabs/sardineandroid/model/Limit.java
 com.thegrizzlylabs.sardineandroid.model.Limit
com/thegrizzlylabs/sardineandroid/DavResource.java
 com.thegrizzlylabs.sardineandroid.DavResource
 com.thegrizzlylabs.sardineandroid.DavResource$DavProperties
com/thegrizzlylabs/sardineandroid/impl/SardineException.java
 com.thegrizzlylabs.sardineandroid.impl.SardineException
com/thegrizzlylabs/sardineandroid/impl/handler/ResourcesResponseHandler.java
 com.thegrizzlylabs.sardineandroid.impl.handler.ResourcesResponseHandler
com/thegrizzlylabs/sardineandroid/impl/handler/ValidatingResponseHandler.java
 com.thegrizzlylabs.sardineandroid.impl.handler.ValidatingResponseHandler
com/thegrizzlylabs/sardineandroid/model/Principal.java
 com.thegrizzlylabs.sardineandroid.model.Principal
com/thegrizzlylabs/sardineandroid/DavQuota.java
 com.thegrizzlylabs.sardineandroid.DavQuota
com/thegrizzlylabs/sardineandroid/model/Unauthenticated.java
 com.thegrizzlylabs.sardineandroid.model.Unauthenticated
com/thegrizzlylabs/sardineandroid/DavAce.java
 com.thegrizzlylabs.sardineandroid.DavAce
 com.thegrizzlylabs.sardineandroid.DavAce$1
com/thegrizzlylabs/sardineandroid/impl/handler/InputStreamResponseHandler.java
 com.thegrizzlylabs.sardineandroid.impl.handler.InputStreamResponseHandler
com/thegrizzlylabs/sardineandroid/model/Unlock.java
 com.thegrizzlylabs.sardineandroid.model.Unlock
com/thegrizzlylabs/sardineandroid/model/Collection.java
 com.thegrizzlylabs.sardineandroid.model.Collection
com/thegrizzlylabs/sardineandroid/Sardine.java
 com.thegrizzlylabs.sardineandroid.Sardine
com/thegrizzlylabs/sardineandroid/model/Set.java
 com.thegrizzlylabs.sardineandroid.model.Set
com/thegrizzlylabs/sardineandroid/util/EntityWithAnyElementConverter.java
 com.thegrizzlylabs.sardineandroid.util.EntityWithAnyElementConverter
com/thegrizzlylabs/sardineandroid/model/Acl.java
 com.thegrizzlylabs.sardineandroid.model.Acl
com/thegrizzlylabs/sardineandroid/model/Shared.java
 com.thegrizzlylabs.sardineandroid.model.Shared
com/thegrizzlylabs/sardineandroid/model/Group.java
 com.thegrizzlylabs.sardineandroid.model.Group
com/thegrizzlylabs/sardineandroid/model/Keepalive.java
 com.thegrizzlylabs.sardineandroid.model.Keepalive
com/thegrizzlylabs/sardineandroid/model/Prop.java
 com.thegrizzlylabs.sardineandroid.model.Prop
com/thegrizzlylabs/sardineandroid/impl/OkHttpSardine.java
 com.thegrizzlylabs.sardineandroid.impl.OkHttpSardine
 com.thegrizzlylabs.sardineandroid.impl.OkHttpSardine$1
 com.thegrizzlylabs.sardineandroid.impl.OkHttpSardine$1$1
 com.thegrizzlylabs.sardineandroid.impl.OkHttpSardine$AuthenticationCallback
 com.thegrizzlylabs.sardineandroid.impl.OkHttpSardine$AuthenticationInterceptor
com/thegrizzlylabs/sardineandroid/model/Inherited.java
 com.thegrizzlylabs.sardineandroid.model.Inherited
com/thegrizzlylabs/sardineandroid/model/PrincipalCollectionSet.java
 com.thegrizzlylabs.sardineandroid.model.PrincipalCollectionSet
com/thegrizzlylabs/sardineandroid/model/Lockinfo.java
 com.thegrizzlylabs.sardineandroid.model.Lockinfo
com/thegrizzlylabs/sardineandroid/model/Remove.java
 com.thegrizzlylabs.sardineandroid.model.Remove
com/thegrizzlylabs/sardineandroid/model/Bind.java
 com.thegrizzlylabs.sardineandroid.model.Bind
com/thegrizzlylabs/sardineandroid/model/Response.java
 com.thegrizzlylabs.sardineandroid.model.Response
com/thegrizzlylabs/sardineandroid/model/SearchRequest.java
 com.thegrizzlylabs.sardineandroid.model.SearchRequest
com/thegrizzlylabs/sardineandroid/model/Privilege.java
 com.thegrizzlylabs.sardineandroid.model.Privilege
com/thegrizzlylabs/sardineandroid/model/Grant.java
 com.thegrizzlylabs.sardineandroid.model.Grant
com/thegrizzlylabs/sardineandroid/model/Report.java
 com.thegrizzlylabs.sardineandroid.model.Report
com/thegrizzlylabs/sardineandroid/model/All.java
 com.thegrizzlylabs.sardineandroid.model.All
com/thegrizzlylabs/sardineandroid/model/Propertyupdate.java
 com.thegrizzlylabs.sardineandroid.model.Propertyupdate
com/thegrizzlylabs/sardineandroid/model/SyncCollection.java
 com.thegrizzlylabs.sardineandroid.model.SyncCollection
com/thegrizzlylabs/sardineandroid/model/SupportedReportSet.java
 com.thegrizzlylabs.sardineandroid.model.SupportedReportSet
com/thegrizzlylabs/sardineandroid/model/QuotaAvailableBytes.java
 com.thegrizzlylabs.sardineandroid.model.QuotaAvailableBytes
com/thegrizzlylabs/sardineandroid/model/Lockdiscovery.java
 com.thegrizzlylabs.sardineandroid.model.Lockdiscovery
com/thegrizzlylabs/sardineandroid/model/CurrentUserPrivilegeSet.java
 com.thegrizzlylabs.sardineandroid.model.CurrentUserPrivilegeSet
com/thegrizzlylabs/sardineandroid/model/Location.java
 com.thegrizzlylabs.sardineandroid.model.Location
com/thegrizzlylabs/sardineandroid/model/Omit.java
 com.thegrizzlylabs.sardineandroid.model.Omit
com/thegrizzlylabs/sardineandroid/model/SimplePrivilege.java
 com.thegrizzlylabs.sardineandroid.model.SimplePrivilege
com/thegrizzlylabs/sardineandroid/Version.java
 com.thegrizzlylabs.sardineandroid.Version
com/thegrizzlylabs/sardineandroid/model/Locktype.java
 com.thegrizzlylabs.sardineandroid.model.Locktype
com/thegrizzlylabs/sardineandroid/util/ElementConverter.java
 com.thegrizzlylabs.sardineandroid.util.ElementConverter
com/thegrizzlylabs/sardineandroid/impl/BasicAuthenticator.java
 com.thegrizzlylabs.sardineandroid.impl.BasicAuthenticator
com/thegrizzlylabs/sardineandroid/model/Resourcetype.java
 com.thegrizzlylabs.sardineandroid.model.Resourcetype
com/thegrizzlylabs/sardineandroid/model/WriteContent.java
 com.thegrizzlylabs.sardineandroid.model.WriteContent
com/thegrizzlylabs/sardineandroid/model/Propstat.java
 com.thegrizzlylabs.sardineandroid.model.Propstat
com/thegrizzlylabs/sardineandroid/BuildConfig.java
 com.thegrizzlylabs.sardineandroid.BuildConfig
com/thegrizzlylabs/sardineandroid/report/SyncCollectionReport.java
 com.thegrizzlylabs.sardineandroid.report.SyncCollectionReport
 com.thegrizzlylabs.sardineandroid.report.SyncCollectionReport$Result
 com.thegrizzlylabs.sardineandroid.report.SyncCollectionReport$SyncLevel
com/thegrizzlylabs/sardineandroid/model/Source.java
 com.thegrizzlylabs.sardineandroid.model.Source
com/thegrizzlylabs/sardineandroid/model/Locktoken.java
 com.thegrizzlylabs.sardineandroid.model.Locktoken
com/thegrizzlylabs/sardineandroid/impl/handler/MultiStatusResponseHandler.java
 com.thegrizzlylabs.sardineandroid.impl.handler.MultiStatusResponseHandler
com/thegrizzlylabs/sardineandroid/model/Self.java
 com.thegrizzlylabs.sardineandroid.model.Self
com/thegrizzlylabs/sardineandroid/model/Allprop.java
 com.thegrizzlylabs.sardineandroid.model.Allprop
com/thegrizzlylabs/sardineandroid/model/Lockscope.java
 com.thegrizzlylabs.sardineandroid.model.Lockscope
com/thegrizzlylabs/sardineandroid/report/SardineReport.java
 com.thegrizzlylabs.sardineandroid.report.SardineReport
com/thegrizzlylabs/sardineandroid/model/Exclusive.java
 com.thegrizzlylabs.sardineandroid.model.Exclusive
com/thegrizzlylabs/sardineandroid/impl/handler/LockResponseHandler.java
 com.thegrizzlylabs.sardineandroid.impl.handler.LockResponseHandler
com/thegrizzlylabs/sardineandroid/model/Authenticated.java
 com.thegrizzlylabs.sardineandroid.model.Authenticated
com/thegrizzlylabs/sardineandroid/model/Deny.java
 com.thegrizzlylabs.sardineandroid.model.Deny
com/thegrizzlylabs/sardineandroid/model/Ace.java
 com.thegrizzlylabs.sardineandroid.model.Ace
com/thegrizzlylabs/sardineandroid/impl/handler/ResponseHandler.java
 com.thegrizzlylabs.sardineandroid.impl.handler.ResponseHandler
com/thegrizzlylabs/sardineandroid/DavAcl.java
 com.thegrizzlylabs.sardineandroid.DavAcl
com/thegrizzlylabs/sardineandroid/model/Propfind.java
 com.thegrizzlylabs.sardineandroid.model.Propfind
com/thegrizzlylabs/sardineandroid/model/Propertybehavior.java
 com.thegrizzlylabs.sardineandroid.model.Propertybehavior
com/thegrizzlylabs/sardineandroid/util/SardineUtil.java
 com.thegrizzlylabs.sardineandroid.util.SardineUtil
com/thegrizzlylabs/sardineandroid/model/Write.java
 com.thegrizzlylabs.sardineandroid.model.Write
com/thegrizzlylabs/sardineandroid/model/Supportedlock.java
 com.thegrizzlylabs.sardineandroid.model.Supportedlock
